## Privacy Policy and Terms of Use ([Version Francaise](https://github.com/codalab/codalab-competitions/wiki/Termes-et-conditions))

# General Data Protection Regulation - EU GDPR Policy

CodaLab ("us", "we", or "our") operates the public instance of Codalab Competitions, including  `https://codalab.lisn.fr/`, `https://competitions.codalab.org/` and Codabench `https://codabench.org` (the Codalab Competition and Codabench websites); this document only applies to these sites, not to other instances.

**Privacy Policy:**
The information collected on the registration form is recorded in a filing system by the University Paris-Saclay, LISN laboratory, Campus Universitaire Bât 650-660 - 1 rue Raimond Castaing - 91190 Gif-sur-Yvette, FRANCE. The information that Codabench obtains about a User on its websites is used for non-commercial or political purposes, exclusively for the use of the platform. The only personal data necessary for the operation of the platform are the email and the associated pseudonym. First and last names can be provided but can be deleted by the users themselves on their settings page. We may use your User information to contact you with newsletters and updates about new features of the Codalab Competitions and Codabench sites. Organizers have the option to contact registered users for their competition via email. 

The legal basis for data processing is the User's consent when registering on the platform.The collected data will not be shared with other people except within each competition: the organizers can consult the list of registered users on a web page showing pseudonyms and email addresses.
The data is kept for the duration of the web hosting instance.
In accordance with the [Act n°78-17 of 6 January 1978](https://fra.europa.eu/en/law-reference/act-ndeg78-17-6-january-1978-data-processing-data-files-and-individual-liberties) relating to Data Processing, Data Files and Individual Liberties (articles 38, 39, 40), you can access, rectify or request the deletion of data concerning you. To be taken into account, any request for modification to a user account must be sent by email from the email account concerned by the modification.
To exercise these rights or for any question about the processing of your data in this system, you can contact the service responsible for this collection (info@codalab.org) or our Data Protection Officer (dpd@universite-paris-saclay.fr): campus universitaire de Paris-Saclay, Direction des affaires juridiques et institutionnelles, Avenue Jean Perrin bâtiment 351, 91405 Orsay Cedex.
If you feel, after contacting us, that your "Informatique et Libertés" rights are not being respected, you can fill a complaint with the [CNIL](https://www.cnil.fr/en/home). 

# General Conditions of Use - GCU Terms and Conditions

**Information Collection And Use:**
We may use your User Information to contact you with newsletters and updates about new features of the Codalab competition website. Like many site operators, we collect information (Log Data) that your browser sends
whenever you visit the Codalab competition website.  This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address, browser type, browser version, the pages that you visit, the time and date
of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics. Like for many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate
when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of the Codalab competition website.

**Credits:**
The information found on the Codalab competition website may be freely used and copied for educational and other non-commercial purposes, provided that any data reproduction is accompanied by a recognition of Université Paris-Saclay as the source. This does not apply to the pages and images with explicitly reserved reproduction right : © followed by the name of the owner. In case of error or omission of copyrights, please [contact us](mailto:info@codabench.org). The contents provided in Codabench is the property of the competition organizers, unless otherwise stated in the competition's terms of use. Any reproduction in whole or in part is prohibited without prior consent of its owner.

**Permitted and Prohibited Uses:** 
User may not use the Codalab competition web sites to violate any applicable local, state, national, or international laws. User may not upload or transmit any material that infringes or misappropriates any person's copyright, patent, trademark, or trade secret, or disclose via the Codalab competition web sites any information whose the disclosure would constitute a violation of a confidentiality obligation on User's part. User may not upload any viruses, worms, Trojan horses, or other forms of harmful computer code, nor subject Codabench' network or servers to unreasonable traffic loads, or otherwise engage in conduct deemed disruptive of the ordinary operation of Codalab competition web sites. It is strictly prohibited for the User to communicate on or through this site any unlawful, harmful, offensive, threatening, abusive, libelous, harassing, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, profane, hateful, fraudulent, sexually explicit, racially, ethnically, or otherwise objectionable material of any sort, including, but not limited to, any material that encourages conduct that would constitute a criminal offense, give rise to civil liability, or otherwise violate any applicable local, state, national, or international law.

**User Submissions:**
Codabench does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from User through this site. Any material, information, or other communication User transmits or posts ("Communications") to the Codalab competition web sites will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary and Codabench will be under no obligation of any kind with respect to such information. Université Paris-Saclay will be free to reproduce, make derivative works from, use, disclose, and distribute the Communications to others without limitation. Université Paris-Saclay may provide authorship attribution by mentioning the name of the User, provided that it is communicated to us.

**User Discussion Forums:**
Université Paris-Saclay may, but is not obligated to, monitor or review certain portions of  the Codalab competition web sites where Users transmit or post communications or communicate solely with each other, including but not limited to User forums, when moderated by the organizers. Université Paris-Saclay however, will have no liability related to the content of any such communications, whether or not arising under the laws of copyright, libel, privacy, obscenity, or otherwise. Université Paris-Saclay may modifiy or remove content on the Codalab competition site at its discretion at any time. Optionally, users can register for the dedicated Google forum for the project hosted by Google: https://groups.google.com/g/codalab-competitions.

**User Profile and Password:**
User agrees to provide true, accurate, current, and complete information when registering with the Codalab competition website. It is User's responsibility to maintain and promptly update this account information to keep it true, accurate, current, and complete. If User provides any information that is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, or we have reasonable grounds to suspect that such information is fraudulent, untrue, inaccurate, incomplete, or not current, we reserve the right to suspend or terminate your account without notice and to refuse any and all current and future use of this site.

Although sections of the site may be viewed simply by visiting the site, in order to access some Content and/or additional features offered at the site, you may need to register. If you create an account on the site, you may be asked to supply your name, address, a User ID and password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of the password and account and are fully responsible for all activities that occur in connection with your password or account. You agree to immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of either your password or account or any other breach of security. You further agree that you will not permit others, including those whose accounts have been terminated, to access this site using your account or User ID. You grant Université Paris-Saclay and all other persons or entities involved in the operation of the Codalab competition website the right to transmit, monitor, retrieve, store, and use your information in connection with the operation of Codalab competition website and in the provision of services to you. Université Paris-Saclay cannot and does not assume any responsibility or liability for any information you submit, or your or third parties' use or misuse of information transmitted or received using the Codalab competition website.

**Links to Other Materials:**
The Codalab competition website may contain links to sites owned or operated by independent third parties. These links are provided for your convenience and reference only. We do not control such sites and, therefore, we are not responsible for any content posted on these sites. The fact that Université Paris-Saclay offers such links should not be construed in any way as an endorsement, authorization, or sponsorship of that site, its content or the companies or products referenced therein, and Université Paris-Saclay reserves the right to note its lack of affiliation, sponsorship, or endorsement on this site. If you decide to access any of the third party sites linked to the Codalab competition website, you do this entirely at your own risk. Because some sites employ automated search results or otherwise link you to sites containing information that may be deemed inappropriate or offensive, Université Paris-Saclay cannot be held responsible for the accuracy, copyright compliance, legality, or decency of material contained in third party sites, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim against us with respect to such sites.

**Indemnification:**
User agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Université Paris-Saclay and LISN lab, their employees, directors, officers, affiliated companies, agents, vendors or suppliers from and against any and all claims, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, arising from or related to your use or misuse of the Codalab competition web sites, including, without limitation, User's violation of these Terms and Conditions, the infringement by User, or any other subscriber or user of your account, of any intellectual property right or other right of any person or entity.

**WARRANTY DISCLAIMER:**
CODABENCH WEB SITES AND ASSOCIATED MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS. UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTY THAT THE SITE WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS, OR THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE, OR ERROR FREE; NOR DOES UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY MAKE ANY REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY AS TO THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE OBTAINED FROM THE USE OF THE SITES. UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AS TO THE OPERATION OF THE SITES OR THE INFORMATION, CONTENT, MATERIALS, OR PRODUCTS INCLUDED ON THESE SITES.

IN NO EVENT SHALL UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATED COMPANIES, EMPLOYEES, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, AGENTS, VENDORS OR SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE, MISUSE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITES, EVEN IF UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT ANY CONTENT DOWNLOADED OR OTHERWISE OBTAINED THROUGH THE USE OF THE SITES IS AT YOUR OWN DISCRETION AND RISK AND THAT YOU WILL BE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY DAMAGE TO YOUR COMPUTER SYSTEM OR LOSS OF DATA OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION THAT RESULTS FROM THE DOWNLOAD OF CONTENT. UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY SHALL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE CAUSED, OR ALLEGED TO HAVE BEEN CAUSED, DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, BY THE INFORMATION OR IDEAS CONTAINED, SUGGESTED OR REFERENCED IN OR APPEARING ON THE SITES. YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE SITES IS SOLELY AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED BY YOU FROM UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY OR THROUGH UNIVERSITE PARIS-SACLAY, ITS EMPLOYEES, OR THIRD PARTIES SHALL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN. YOU ACKNOWLEDGE, BY YOUR USE OF THE Codabench WEBSITES, THAT YOUR USE OF THE SITE IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK.

**Termination:**
These Terms and Conditions of Use are effective until terminated by either party. If User no longer agrees to be bound by these Terms and Conditions, User must cease use of the Codalab competition websites. If User is dissatisfied with the Codalab competition websites, their content, or any of these terms, conditions, and policies, User's sole legal remedy is to discontinue using these websites. Université Paris-Saclay reserves the right to terminate or suspend your access to and use of these websites, or parts of these websites, without notice, if we believe, in our sole discretion, that such use is (i) in violation of any applicable law; (ii) is harmful to our interests or the interests, including intellectual property or other rights, of another person or entity; or (iii) where Université Paris-Saclay has reason to believe that User is in violation of these Terms and Conditions of Use.

**Changes To This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use:** This Privacy Policy and Terms of Use is effective as of March, 28th 2023 and will remain in effect
except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will
be in effect immediately after being posted on this page.  This document is based on the policy of [Université Paris-Saclay](https://www.universite-paris-saclay.fr/en/legal-notice-credits) who is presently administering the public instance of Codabench and inspired by the terms of use of the [Outercurve foundation](http://www.outercurve.org/). We reserve the right
to update or change our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use at any time and you should check this
page periodically. Your continued use of the Codalab competition websites after we post
any modifications to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use on this page will constitute your
acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by
the modified Privacy Policy and Terms of Use. 

**Language of use and jurisdiction:** In case of inconsistency between the English version (this page) and the [French version](https://github.com/codalab/codalab-competitions/wiki/Termes-et-conditions) of the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use, the French version shall prevail. In case of dispute, the French law will apply.
